In this lecture we will be creating a
simple Java project called mockito
scrapbook. This project will have a class
B with a void method in it which class A will
use has a user's void method method
which calls into class B which class A
depends on so we'll start using this
project to learn how to stub void method
using mockito we will then expand on
this project and add whatever we want to
learn other API that is available in
mockito as well as any new features
that are introducing mockito by the
mockito team i will be adding them to
this scrapbook project in the future so
let's create the simple scrapbook
project by launching this Eclipse IDE go
to file menu say new java project call it
mockito scrapbook hit finished create
the test folder say new source folder
test hit finished in this lecture will add two
simple classes to this starting with
class B package name com.bharath.mockito.scrapbook
finish class B will have a
very simple method called publicvoid
method can call it whatever you
want this void method doesn't have any
parameters but it simply throws a
exception
that's what we need not really implement
this void  method because of the power of
mockito we can mock this out at runtime
now let's create Class A to use
this Class B right click on the package say
new class class A finish
public lets have this method as int users
void method is the name of this method
let's create the instance of class B here
new B assign this to a new local variable
this method should return integer so hit ctrl 1
add a return statement
let's convert this B into a field
place your courser on B hit ctrl one convert local
variable to field let's create a
constructor instead of setter here we'll use a
constructor to set this dependency
public A parameter is of type B in here
This.B=B so will use this
constructor to create an instance of A
and set the dependency on B we can take
this out of here now here will CallB.void
method hit control 1 to fix
error we have to either handle the
exception or declare it using a throws
declaration let's handle it using a
try-catch block remove this to do here by
pointing your curser hit ctrlD take out this
e.print stack trace to simply throw a new runtime exception
we're going to wrap the checked exception inside
runtime exception the constructor of it pass the
checked exception that comes back and
we are all set so we have created a
class B with the void method and Class A
which uses that ClassB void method
In the next lecture we will test this
classA by mocking out the void method in
class B using mockito.